
  Welcome to ONS, the "Open Network Suite".

0. Copyright notice
  ONS is developed by the ONS Team.
  This file is part of ONS, see COPYING for details.


                           Table of Contents

                           1. Useful notes
                            2. About ONS
                          3. Installing ONS
                            4. Using ONS
                          5. Developing ONS
                              6. Contact


1. Useful notes
  We are looking for developers which help us improving ONS. If you are
  interested, just contact us (See "6. Contact").

2. About ONS
  The Open Network Suite is an attempt to create a bundle of softwares
  providing well documented access to all network issues. Each software allows
  to use one single network issue and conforms to the Unix ideology to do only
  one thing but do it best. Thus, the softwares provide simple ways to do simple
  things but also complex ways to do complex thing.
  The libraries only sparsely depend on each other, they are provided for
  independant use, however, they are perfect to be used together.

3. Installing ONS
  See INSTALL for install instructions.

4. Using ONS
  See the documentation of ONS and the references of each library to get an
  introduction into ONS. There is also a tutorial available. Though, the
  documentation is the right place for the first steps.

5. Developing ONS
  Please don't hesitate to send patches, hints, ideas or whatever you think
  would enhance ONS to us. We are glad about every submission. Even critics are
  welcome. See "6. Contact" for email addresses.
  If you want to help us improving ONS continuosly, just contact us, too.
  You see, we are glad about every feedback we get.

6. Contact
  Please send a mail to:
    ons@xccd.eu
  or visit us at:
    http://ons.berlios.de
  You can also contact us on an unofficial way by going on IRC and talk
  with one of us in either the query or one of the listed channels. Our nicks
  are listed in COPYING behind the real names.
  (sorted in descending availability)
  - irc.onlinegamesnet.net - #linux or #c++
  - irc.gamesurge.net - #coders
  - irc.quakenet.org - #c or #c.de
  We are neither operators nor well known regulars on most of these channels.
  Best way is just querying us.

